com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsSulfurBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsSulfurBinding
com/example/periodictable1/Chromium.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Chromium
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsAluminumBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsAluminumBinding
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsBoronBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsBoronBinding
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsPhosphorusBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsPhosphorusBinding
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsNitrogenBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsNitrogenBinding
com/example/periodictable1/Nitrogen.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Nitrogen
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsCalciumBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsCalciumBinding
com/example/periodictable1/Carbon.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Carbon
com/example/periodictable1/Calcium.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Calcium
com/example/periodictable1/Oxygen.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Oxygen
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsFluorineBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsFluorineBinding
com/example/periodictable1/Manganese.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Manganese
com/example/periodictable1/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.periodictable1.BuildConfig
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsChromiumBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsChromiumBinding
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsChlorineBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsChlorineBinding
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsCarbonBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsCarbonBinding
com/example/periodictable1/Copper.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Copper
com/example/periodictable1/Scandium.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Scandium
com/example/periodictable1/Vanadium.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Vanadium
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/periodictable1/Phosphorus.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Phosphorus
com/example/periodictable1/Aluminum.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Aluminum
com/example/periodictable1/Nickel.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Nickel
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsScandiumBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsScandiumBinding
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsArgonBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsArgonBinding
com/example/periodictable1/Magnesium.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Magnesium
com/example/periodictable1/Lithium.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Lithium
com/example/periodictable1/Beryllium.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Beryllium
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsVanadiumBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsVanadiumBinding
com/example/periodictable1/Sodium.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Sodium
com/example/periodictable1/Sulfur.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Sulfur
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsBerylliumBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsBerylliumBinding
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsNeonBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsNeonBinding
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsPotassiumBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsPotassiumBinding
com/example/periodictable1/MainActivity.java
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$1
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$10
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$11
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$12
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$13
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$14
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$15
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$16
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$17
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$18
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$19
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$2
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$20
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$21
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$22
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$23
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$24
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$25
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$26
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$27
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$28
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$29
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$3
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$30
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$31
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$4
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$5
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$6
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$7
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$8
 com.example.periodictable1.MainActivity$9
com/example/periodictable1/Boron.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Boron
com/example/periodictable1/Cobalt.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Cobalt
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsSodiumBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsSodiumBinding
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsHeliumBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsHeliumBinding
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsManganeseBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsManganeseBinding
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsLithumBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsLithumBinding
com/example/periodictable1/Titanium.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Titanium
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsTitaniumBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsTitaniumBinding
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsZincBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsZincBinding
com/example/periodictable1/Fluorine.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Fluorine
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsCopperBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsCopperBinding
com/example/periodictable1/Potassium.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Potassium
com/example/periodictable1/Silicon.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Silicon
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsIronBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsIronBinding
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsNickelBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsNickelBinding
com/example/periodictable1/Iron.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Iron
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsOxygenBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsOxygenBinding
com/example/periodictable1/Helium.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Helium
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsHydrogenBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsHydrogenBinding
com/example/periodictable1/Neon.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Neon
com/example/periodictable1/Zinc.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Zinc
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsCobaltBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsCobaltBinding
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsSiliconBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsSiliconBinding
com/example/periodictable1/Hydrogen.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Hydrogen
com/example/periodictable1/Argon.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Argon
com/example/periodictable1/databinding/ElementsMagnesiumBinding.java
 com.example.periodictable1.databinding.ElementsMagnesiumBinding
com/example/periodictable1/Chlorine.java
 com.example.periodictable1.Chlorine
